It is my pleasure to introduce
to this marriage gathering
Brother and Sister Calou.
I finally told the elders everything.
We’re always arguing;
there’s no peace in my house;
no one is happy.
We just feel that it’s best at this point
if we just go our separate ways.
They patiently listened.
Then they reasoned that Jehovah can help us
even if we feel
like we’re in a loveless marriage.
One of the brothers shared Isaiah 48:17:
“I, Jehovah, am your God,
the One teaching you to benefit yourself,
the One guiding you
in the way you should walk.”
After reading the scripture,
they explained that obeying God’s laws
—it really isn’t that difficult.
They lovingly offered some Bible principles
to help me as the head of my family.
What is God’s name?
Sister Karen . . .
Jehovah.
Very good.
Marriage can be challenging,
especially with two
imperfect people involved.
But if we obey,
we stick with our mate,
and we don’t give up,
in the end we benefit ourselves
and things will get better.